Note changes in unicode escapes and case companion (#2943)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-migration/incompat-syntactic.md

However, `+` and `-` still are valid type identifiers in general.
You can write `type +`.

## Unicode escapes

> Unicode escapes of the form `\u0061` are no longer natively supported in any position by the compiler.

Reviewer: "natively supported" seems unclear to me. not sure what best replacement is, maybe:

```suggestion
Unicode escapes of the form `\u0061` are no longer allowed in arbitrary locations in source code.
```

> Instead, they processed like other escapes in string literals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, they are processed in string literals, just like other escape sequences.
```

This means, in particular, that they are not processed in "triple-quoted" strings or by the `raw` interpolator.

> In Scala 2, a deprecation is issued, but under `-Xsource:3cross`, the behavior is the same as Scala 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Scala 2, a deprecation is issued, but under `-Xsource:3-cross`, the behavior is the same as Scala 3.
```
